Proposal v0.1 (#3)
victorgcramos/decredbr: proposal-v1.md

represent an opportunity to spread Decred awareness as a trustworthy and serious
project.

Cryptocurrencies are getting noticed by our local politics too. In the last São
Paulo 2020 Mayor elections, both main candidates Bruno Covas and Guilherme
Boulos used “votolegal”: a platform for transparency in election donations which
runs in Decred Blockchain.

Also on March, 30, Eduardo Paes, Mayor of Rio de Janeiro, confirmed that Bitcoin
will be incorporated into the city’s treasury. This shows how crypto and
blockchain are aimed to be part of the future in Brazil.

### Disclaimer

The previous BR marketing proposal hasn't delivered what the stakeholders were
expecting, and we all know Decred community members are really expecting
results, and this is why I am putting myself as a supervisor for this proposal.
I don't have a clear idea about what caused the previous proposal to fail. In
fact, noticing a lack of community contributions, I contacted Decred BR old
admins to try a new social media communication approach in November 2021, and
took control of Instagram and Twitter accounts, as well as admin rights on
Facebook group.

> The fact that I, @victorguedes, am involved on "Politeia Q1 2022" proposal

Author: mention `@victorguedes` at the beginning and remove here
```suggestion
The fact that I am involved on "Politeia Q1 2022" proposal
```

blocked me from having time to frequently produce contents, so I contacted

> @jpsantanna to handle that responsibility and focus on publishing content almost
> every day on Instagram and Twitter.

Author: ```suggestion
@jpsantanna to handle that responsibility and focus on reactivating Instagram and Twitter accounts.
```

Our first goal was to reactivate the Brazilian community by actively posting
news, project updates and engagement content in a way that the community could
notice our return.

After stablishing a good frequency for content production, we decided to expand
the presence of the BR community on some relevant crypto events. @edsondecre
took the responsibility to actively participate on those events on Apr 2022,

> and since then, we were able to participate in some meetups and in some of the

Author: which meetups?

most popular Brazilian Crypto events:

- Bitconf IX (we also promoted a ticket giveaway for BR community members!!

>   (https://www.instagram.com/p/CdWkO2JueDU/));

Author: we promoted more than one! Link all

Link photos, tweets and everything!!!

Author: 2500 attendees!!

- Cryptominds III (​​https://www.instagram.com/p/CdG9jL5vnu4/);

@eric_vieira also joined us on this meantime. He is the admin of the Decred
Brazil Facebook group, and took the responsibility to post and interact with

> the community there.

Author: Eric has also translated many posts and articles!

## Who

- @victorguedes, active Decred Contractor on development domain for 3+ years,
  has been reviewing the technical parts of the posts and also contributing with
  ideas for content production.
- @jpsantanna, crypto enthusiast since 2017 and follows Decred progress
  since 2018. Has been managing and creating content for Decred Brazil Instagram
  and Twitter accounts since November 2021.
- @edsondecre has worked on several events for Decred, such as Campus Party,
  Bitconf, and other meetups, with a high-quality community management
  experience. Edson was able to include Decred in several exchanges like:
  Bitcambio (https://www.bitcambio.com.br/) and ComprarBitcoin
  (https://comprarbitcoin.com.br/).
- @eric_vieira, moderator of DECRED Brasil (Facebook) since February 6, 2017,
  has been actively explaining technical parts of the project on Facebook
  Group and also organized a speech about Decred project in Centro Universitário

>   Estácio Juiz de Fora.

Author: when? sources!!

to ensure the correct information, design and quality is published.

##### Expected Roles

- Content production for small assets like images, gifs, post templates,
  banners, short videos (Instagram reels and stories, TikTok videos, Youtube
  shorts);
- Text creation: Twitter threads, posts description, small content translation;
- Support at events, helping to organize, engage and publicize the event;
- Collect community feedbacks;
- Administrate social media pages;

#### Level 2

Rate: $20/hr

The Level 2 represents a more experienced stage, where contributors are ready to
produce content on an autonomous way, i.e. no supervision required. A Level 2
contributor have proved commitment, with a noticeable presence on both
international and BR community, producing relevant contents, attending relevant
events and meetings.

##### Expected Roles

- Level 1 expected roles;
- Noticeable presence on events, coordinating at least one aspect (speech,
  interaction dynamics...);
- Complex content production like long videos, podcasts, interviews, articles,
  tutorials;
- Support and help the community to handle some possible issues, as well as

>   report the feedbacks using the correct mean of communication with Decred devs

Author: ```suggestion
  reporting feedbacks using the correct means of communication with Decred devs
```

  (github issues and discussions, appropriate matrix channel...);
- Review and evaluate social media metrics, analyse the performance of our
  marketing campaigns, and provide a report document periodically.
- Supervise Level 1 contributors

#### Level 3

Rate: $30/hr

The last and top level of Decred Brazil contribution journey. A contributor from
this level is experienced enough to coordinate the team along with other Level 3

> contributors.

Author: Level 3 must be an influent character on the crypto scenario, experienced with marketing campaigns and metrics....

##### Expected Roles

> 

Author: Level 2 roles, also.

- Decide the marketing approach and coordinate marketing campaigns;
- Choose which crypto events and meetings the team will participate;
- Be in touch with influencers and big players on the BR crypto scenario;
- Promote public relations with mainstream media vehicles;
- Administrate and coordinate both virtual and real-life communities.

#### Supervisor

Rate: $80/week

Responsible for reviewing invoices, controlling the budget, and providing
updates about the work done for each month using the Proposal Update section
on Politeia.

The main role of the supervisor is to provide transparency for the budget spent
on the proposal.

> A symbolic rate of $80/week is enough to cover the time spent on the described

Reviewer: Just mention the value. No need to say it's symbolic.

roles.

A supervisor is not an active contributor of the social media, but it helps
other contributors on content creation and other roles described above.

## Budget

A rate of **$17/hr** will be used as an average for this budget estimate, with
an estimated workload of **15h/week** for each contributor, which results in a
rounded amount of **$18,500.00** budget for labor.

> We are also adding an amount of $200 for marketing campaigns and ad boosts.

Author: monthly amount!

@edsondecre has provided a good report about the results of a monthly campaign
on ComprarBitcoin, which is detailed here: (Link) <!-- TODO: Update the link -->

| Type            | Amount ($USD) |
| --------------- | ------------- |
| Labor           | 18,500.00     |

> | Ads             | 1,000.00      |

Author: 1200. Also add supervisor amount
